Make --include-extended-types default for Swift 5.9 (#57)
apple/swift-docc-plugin: Sources/SwiftDocCPluginDocumentation/SwiftDocCPlugin.docc/Generating Documentation for Extended Types.md

## Overview

The Swift-DocC plugin allows you to document extensions you make to types that are not from the module you're generating documentation for.

> To enable/disable extension support, add the `--include-extended-types` or `--exclude-extended-types` flag to your invocations, respectively:

Reviewer: I think it would be good to front-load the "this step is optional as of Swift 5.9" information – otherwise folks may see the flag and just assume they need it, and stop reading before they get to the next paragraph.

```suggestion
As of Swift 5.9, extension support is enabled by default. If you're using an older version of Swift or would like to configure this behavior pass the `--include-extended-types` or `--exclude-extended-types` flag to enable or disable the feature, respectively:
```

Author: Good point 👍

    $ swift package generate-documentation --include-extended-types

    $ swift package generate-documentation --exclude-extended-types

> Note: Extension support is available when using Swift 5.8 or later and the Swift-DocC plugin 1.2 or later. Extension support is enabled by default starting swith Swift 5.9 and the Swift-DocC plugin 1.3.

## Understanding What is an Extended Type

Not every type you add an extension to is an extended type. If the extension is declared in the same target as the type it is extending, the extension's contents will always be included in the documentation. Only extensions you make to types from other targets are represented as an external type in your documentation archive.

```swift
public struct Sloth { }

extension Sloth {

>     // This function is always included

Reviewer: Nit: _Technically_ this is a method and not a function: https://docs.swift.org/swift-book/documentation/the-swift-programming-language/methods/.

Functions in Swift are defined at the top-level.

```suggestion
    // This function is always included
```

Author: Well, as it says in the first sentence: _**Methods are functions** that are associated with a particular type._ Not every function is a method, but every method is a function. But I'm happy to change it anyways :)
